ClearFunds is designed using basic web technologies like HTML, CSS, PHP, and JavaScript. Since it’s lightweight and easy to use, even small NGOs and individuals can access it without needing heavy servers or complex setups.

In short, ClearFunds helps everyone — it builds trust for donors, gives NGOs a way to show their credibility, and lets beneficiaries confirm that they actually received the help. Our goal is to turn financial “black boxes” into “glass boxes,” where everything is open and clear for everyone to see.

Explaining the website: Opening the website, there are given three options for all type of users i.e Donor, NGO, Trust leading to their own login interface. For Donors, after logging in there will be displayed a list of NGOs giving them option to view more details about their interested NGOs and allowing them to donate easily without any complications. Their transactions will be visible to them in "View My transactions" and each transaction will have two options "View Receipt" and "View Beneficiaries" which will be directly uploaded by the respective NGOs which will gain user's trust to donate more to their NGOs and leading to smooth trustable process for the user. Seeing it from NGO and Trust side, as they login into their account, Transactions will be displayed on their page which have been made to their charity. Two options will be visible on each transactions "Upload Receipt" and "Upload Beneficiary" which they have to upload in a given time period for the respective user to view it. It makes it a very easy process for the charity to work.

In simple words, our website helps both charity as well as the user which makes it attractive and a unique idea. And it is very useful as we all know that most of the charity in today's world are for corruptions , turning black money into white money and no poor is getting the money. We are here to help the charity to get funds to help the poors as well as to help the people who wants to help them by donating money.
